ReCourse Build Notes
---------------------

In order to create binaries and installers for all platforms ensure the Eclipse RCP Delta pack
is installed in your Eclipse target.

1.  Edit the "plugin.xml" file to set the correct Version (format is X.X.X.qualifier)
2.  Edit the "branding/mac/Info.plist" file to set the correct CFBundleShortVersionString and CFBundleVersion (format is X.X.X)
3.  Edit and update the changes.txt file.
4.  Ensure all changes are commited to CVS.
5.  Open the "ldauthor.product" file and click on the "Eclipse Product export wizard" link and set the following settings:
	
	Configuration:						              /org.tencompetence.ldauthor/ldauthor.product
	Root directory:						              (leave blank)
	Synchronize before exporting:		              ticked
	Directory:							              /ReCourse
	Export Source:				                      unticked
	Generate metadata repository:                     unticked
	Export for multiple platforms:		              ticked
	Allow for binary cycles in target platform:       ticked
	
	Click "Next" and select the following OS platforms:
	
	linux (gtx/x86)
	linux (gtx/x86_64)
	macosx (carbon/x86)
	win32 (win32/x86)
	
	(Note that it is possible for the Product Export wizard to export a "macosx (carbon/ppc)" version,
	but it is exactly the same as the x86 version, so only this one is necessary.)
	
	Click "Finish" and wait for the export wizard to create the output folders in "/ReCourse".
	The "/ReCourse" folder should be created on your local drive with the following build sub-folders:
	
	linux.gtk.x86
	linux.gtk.x86_64
	macosx.carbon.x86
	win32.win32.x86

6.  Now open and edit the "ldauthor-makeinstallers.xml" Ant Script file in order to set the app version number and the location of the
	Windows JRE of the build machine.  (There will be two Windows versions, one with shipped JRE and one without.)
7.  Run this Ant script from Eclipse.

8.  Check that the builds run on each platform
9.  If all is OK, tag all files in CVS as version "recourse-release_XpXpX"
10.  Upload all files to public download folder
11.  Update the website
